Here's some sentences you can use to freak out your friends, or maybe yell in public, if you dare.
There's an angry Susan Boyle impersonator in my bathroom who won't stop yelling the 'c'-word.
Bill Cosby used a cheese grater to get rid of the zits on the back of a hairy widow.
Just remember to call the pineapple on a hamburger phone if you ever run out of Jesus-lube.
Don't tell anyone, but I saw Marry Poppins killing a shopping trolley.
Oh my God! Did you remember to give your mother a back rub with holy water this afternoon?
Did she get a spoonful of virgin period in her tea this morning?
If your canoe is stuck in a tree with the headlights on, how many mini donuts does it take to get to Atlantis?
I woke up this morning and found a highly trained military llama on my front porch. I don't even have a front porch.
Everyday a friendly cow licks a grape.
My nose is a communist.
What do you think about the incident with the blue chimpanzee escaping Gotham City, on a My Little Pony scooter?
Blue is greener than purple, for sure.
Decorate your home with posters of duck dicks. 
Soak a dick in a box in vinegar to make it taste just right.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
The stranger officiates the meal.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.